Merging Node Operators upgrade changes (#815)
o1-labs/docs2: docs/node-operators/staking-service-guidelines.mdx

## Sending Many Transactions

It is important to pay out rewards to participants who have delegated their stake to your staking service.

> Follow this link to see how to send many payments [Sending Many Transactions](/mina-protocol/sending-a-payment#sending-many-transactions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn how, see [Sending Many Transactions](/mina-protocol/sending-a-payment#sending-many-transactions).
```
